A lot of people ask
what I've been up to since high school.
And honestly. nothing good.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Whoo!
Fuck.
Whoa! Fuck.
Whoa.
Fuck!
Okay.
Shit.
Go back.
Alright.
Come on.
Oh!
Ah. Fuck!
Put all my weight...
Ah!
Oh. shit.
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Oh. shit. Ah. ah!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
There we go.
Okay. Whew.
You want a cup of milk?
Sure.
Thank you.
That's the best fucking milk
I've ever had.
It's Dahlia's.
Thank you. Dahlia.
We wanna thank you. Lord Jesus Christ.
for giving us our daily bread
and forgiving us our trespasses.
And Lord. please guide our new friend Ruby
and her college newspaper to help expose
the pure evil that's
pouring across our border
and poisoning our great nation.
the United States of America.
Amen.
- Amen.
- Let's eat.
Alright. pass the eggs.
We're gonna help with your plate. sweetie.
You know who gets it first. Dad.
This is our address.
Will you be sure to send
your article when it's in the paper?
Yeah. as long as the commies
at college don't censor it.
- You're doing the Lord's work.
- Thank you.
- Hope to see you again soon.
- Thank you so much.
- Good luck with everything.
- Yeah.
- Bye. guys.
- Bye.
- Wish you well.
- Thank you.
- Aw.
- Safe travels.
- Thank you.
- God bless!
Bye.
I just got my permit.
God bless. Ruby.
I've never been on the internet.
You know. Daisy. I think you got it made.
But I can't help but be curious.
All the people out there
living big. exciting lives.
I'd trade spots with you in a heartbeat.
Why?
Thank you.
You ought to come back out in the spring
and meet Dahlia's baby.
I just might.
- Oh. shit!
- USA.
- Hey. USA. USA.
USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!
Hello. Rue.
Hey. baby.
- Where's my car?
- I had to leave it behind.
Hm. I guess I'll just
add it to your tab then.
A few years after high school.
I was working at a smoke shop.
- Could I just get a raw cone. please?
- Yeah. for sure.
You can keep the change actually. thanks.
Okay.
Laurie. hey.
- How are you?
- You owe me money.
No. I know. yeah.
I was gonna pay you back.
- You were?
- Yeah.
But then. you know. you moved.
I don't really have.
like. ten grand right now.
Oh. you don't owe me ten grand. silly.
- I don't?
- No.
You did 46 months ago. and now.
$10.000 at a 20% monthly interest rate
over 46 months means that
you actually owe me...
$43.887.000.
$43 million?
I'll settle for 100.000.
But I bet you don't have that either.
And that is how I became a drug mule.
Swallow.
I don't really think that's possible.
The most important thing...
is to make sure each balloon
is properly sealed.
After a few runs.
I decided to bring a friend.
Fuck.
Ugh.
The danger of body packing is...
if a balloon breaks.
you die.
Faye. get your ass in the car.
Okay. we gotta cross by 3:00.
Yo.
Sorry.
- Don't. man.
- I can only clench for so long.
Yeah. I know. but you gotta keep that shit
up there. alright? Breathe through it.
Damn!
- Sorry.
- Faye. the fuck did you eat?
I'm good. thank you.
Turn the engine off. please.
Passports.
What were you ladies doing in Mexico?
I was just showing my girl
how the mamacitas do it down here.
- Ruby Bennett?
- That's me.
Faye Valentine?
You have fun?
No.
- Welcome to America.
- Thank you. sir.
Laurie! Harley! She's about ready to blow.
- Oh yeah.
- Get the strainer. It's in the dishwasher.
My bad.
Come on. bro.
- Oh. shit.
- Hang in there.
- Okay.
- Okay. Okay.
- Okay. I got you.
The fuck are you doing?
- Just breathe.
- I had an accident.
- You better get the bucket.
- Okay.
And that. ladies and gentlemen...
- Damn!
- ...is how fentanyl
is smuggled into the United States.
After Fezco's house got raided.
Laurie left East Highland
and went into business
with her cousin Harley and his son Wayne.
I'm not saying they're inbred...
- but I have my suspicions.
- Appreciate it.
Looks good. Faye.
Here's to Rue.
You haven't been killed or caught yet.
Praise the Lord.
I'd done a dozen runs
over the course of two years
and somehow ended up
their number-one mule.
Guess you finally found
something you're good at.
You think Wayne liked the spaghetti?
Mm. I think Wayne likes you.
You know. he's trying to get out
of the drug business.
Yeah. I don't know about that.
He's been saving up.
That's why he's got
a lot of money in his safe.
What safe?
The big one in his basement.
He wants to get into avocados.
and you can make
a lot of money with avocados.
What else does he have in that safe?
I don't know. Important stuff.
- Where's the key?
- On his belt.
What if there was a way to.
like. take off his belt?
I think I can figure that out.
In between runs. I'd pick up extra cash
driving for Uber.
This city is crumbling.
Crime is out of control.
Somebody's got to do something.
Yeah. totally.
- Ooh. up here on the right.
- Oh. okay.
Alright. Here you go.
- Stay out of trouble.
- Yeah. will do. Batman.
I don't know.
why are we still auditioning?
Boy Wonder. Hey. babe. how are you?
Yo. Howard! It's Bennett. open up!
- Hey!
- Hey.
- How was Arizona?
- Yeah. no. it was great.
Just got to hang out with Gia.
and she's doing good.
She's. like. top of her class.
So was I.
I know.
Sometimes Lexi would
let me crash on her couch.
But it always came with a lecture.
What are your long-term goals?
And since I couldn't be honest
about what I'd been up to...
...I'd be vague.
Right now. it's kinda
just a day at a time.
You have to plan for the future.
because pretty soon
Uber drivers are gonna be extinct.
It's all gonna be automated. like AI.
They're not gonna need people like you.
Right.
You know. I met these...
these Christians on a homestead in Texas.
Christians in Texas?
It was a drop-off.
But. yeah. the Miller family.
I can't stop thinking about them.
There's like six kids.
and they lived on a farm
with like a bunch of animals.
And no technology. No nothin'.
And I genuinely think that
they were the happiest people
I've ever met in my life.
'Cause they're in a cult.
Oh. well. maybe that's the answer.
Christianity?
I just feel like if I grew up religious.
maybe my life would be better.
Well. I'm not gonna be friends
with a Christian.
Why?
'Cause they're judgmental.
You know. you really should call Fez.
Yeah. I know.
I feel guilty. but I just-- I haven't--
I haven't had any time.
I've been really busy.
Yeah. well. you're free today.
This is rare. Like. I work.
like. seven days a week.
Yeah. well. he misses you.
Did he say that?
- Multiple times.
- Mm.
I don't know. my hours and his hours
don't really line up. so it's hard.
No. just like.
pick up the phone and call him.
It's not like he's going anywhere.
He's in prison for 30 years.
Lexi was working in Hollywood
on a nighttime soap.
Her boss. Patty Lance.
was an industry legend.
Writers are the engineers
of the human soul.
People underestimate
the power of entertainment.
What you see on television
directly impacts the way
we see one another.
The decisions we make at home. in schools.
and more importantly.
what we do at the ballot box.
Okay?
That means it's really important
that we get 712 together.
Lexi felt right at home.
She was surrounded by smart.
creative people who cared about the world.
This election.
It's giving me so much anxiety.
Unlike her sister. who was living
in some right-wing suburban bubble.
She spent her free time
trying to become TikTok famous.
Very nice. Miss Cassie. very nice.
And wiggle. wiggle. wiggle.
So. I go to work all day.
I come home. and you're pretending
to be a puppy dog.
I'm just creating content.
There are dishes in the sink
from last night's dinner.
There are flies buzzing around.
I am so sorry. Mr. Nate.
- Oh.
- No. do not apologize. Juana.
- You work for the two of us.
- She is a housekeeper.
not a videographer.
- Well. she's good at both.
- I pay her to do one.
Get to work.
Yes. Mr. Nate.
How many times do we have
to talk about this?
I am in the real world making deals.
If an investor comes across
a video like this online.
- I'm a joke.
- People make money doing this.
Think about what you're saying.
What you're actually saying.
How much is that doggie in the window
- Who's the doggie?
- I'm the doggie.
- Alright. so you're for sale?
- No.
No. but what you're saying is.
"You can buy me."
No. it's just a funny video.
Except you're not a doggy.
You're a grown woman.
So. that makes you a what?
A prostitute.
No. I am not a prostitute.
Then stop acting like one.
You are blowing this
way out of proportion.
I am growing my following.
This brand might sponsor me.
It's called monetization.
Mm-hmm.
Come. Tssh.
Sit.
You don't need to worry about money.
I've got money.
Why haven't we remodeled the living room?
- Or the kitchen or the master en suite?
- Ohh.
Baby. we will.
But right now. I'm investing in myself.
In the business.
It takes money to make money.
- Then. let me chip in.
- No.
You've been a bad. bad dog.
Mm.
Woof. woof.
Nate had taken over his dad's business.
How 'bout this?
Just turn 'em on and pretend.
- Pretend to do what?
- Work.
We gotta put on a show.
Alright. boss.
But what he didn't realize
is how fucking hard it is to build
in Southern California.
Their wedding was around the corner.
And Cassie was dreaming big.
Fuck.
- How's it going. buddy?
- Nate. how are you?
- Nice to see you.
- A lot going on.
- Thank you for coming out.
- Holy cow!
I know. it's busy. It's all happening.
I got an A-plus-plus team
working around the clock on this.
You sure do.
Do you know how many
baby boomers died today?
No.
- Six thousand.
- Jesus.
A boomer dies every 15 seconds.
You fast-forward ten years from now.
it's a tidal wave of death.
There's only two things
certain in this life.
and that's death and taxes.
Sun Settlers will be the premier
end-of-life transitional facility
in California.
We're gonna offer dignity and care
when these people need it most.
You don't have to sell me.
I just need to make sure
things are moving smoothly
before I invest in the second round.
- Smoothly?
- Yeah.
Take a look at what we got going on here.
These guys have been here
since the crack of dawn.
Trust me. Kurt.
we're gonna make a killing.
If Fred ever tried to tell me
what I could and could not post
on social media.
I'd castrate him.
He just doesn't get the online world.
I mean. people make
so much money using it.
I don't want to have to fight
about the prices
of floral arrangements.
or a wedding cake. or ice luges.
I don't think you can
make money that fast.
I mean. you can on OnlyFans.
Isn't that porn?
See. I used to think the same thing.
but I started reading.
and it's actually
the biggest misconception.
I mean. the platform is used
to sell content. communicate.
- I'd be the one in charge.
- Wait.
Are you really considering this?
I mean. I wasn't. not until Nate
started nickel-and-diming me.
So. what would you be posting?
I don't know. probably the same stuff
that I post on Instagram.
So. why would people pay for it?
To form a deeper connection with me.
Like. imagine all the unhappy men
in the world.
For just $50.
they could get a personalized
pic and text from me
saying. "Good morning. handsome.
Thinking about you today."
That's it?
People just want to feel special.
Well. good luck with Nate.
Don't underestimate me.
- Hey. Gillie.
- Hey.
Are you seeing anyone?
No.
- You?
- Nah. no.
You hear about Jules?
No.
Don't tell her I told you.
but Maddy told me she's a sugar baby.
A sugar baby?
A hooker.
But there's a difference. right?
Sugar babies don't have to have sex.
That's like hiring a chef
who doesn't cook.
You ready?
Maddy worked in management
representing influencers and a few actors.
including Dylan Reid.
The heartthrob of L.A. Nights.
And action!
- You're drunk.
- I just had to build up the courage.
- Cut!
- Cut it!
Gorgeous.
What if he kisses her
and then says the line?
The kiss is the button.
Let's try it.
Spin her. kiss her. then the line.
Okay.
And action!
You're drunk.
I just had to build up the courage.
Good note.
And cut! Where's my iced tea?
That was the day
Lexi gained Dylan's respect.
Hey. Lisa.
Maddy's job appeared
more glamorous than it was.
Most days. she was stuck behind a desk.
Ms. Penzler's office.
this is Maddy speaking.
Oh. hi. Yeah. please hold.
I have Annie on line two.
I'll take it.
Darling. how are you?
How's Guatemala?
I was just about to call you.
But she had good relationships
with the talent.
How long do I have to stay at this thing?
Stop pouting. you're getting paid
$50.000 to watch a movie.
Do I have to stay for the whole thing?
Give me a fucking break.
A manager takes 10% of everything.
Five grand for the night.
Good money...
if you're Maddy's boss.
- Thank you. Miss Marsha.
- Thank you.
The first step I get. right?
Like. I'm powerless over my addiction.
My life is unmanageable. Fine.
Step two. only a power greater than myself
can restore my sanity. Fine. I get it.
But step three.
I just...
That's hard.
Why?
Because how am I supposed to give my life
and will over to the care of God?
Easy. You believe in something
greater than yourself.
That something is God.
God is good. That is that.
You know I've never been into the whole
believing in God thing. you know?
- Yeah.
- But I did meet this family.
and they were super religious
and just. like. so happy.
And it just made me think
that maybe I'm the one missing something.
Oh. religious people
are happier. that's a fact.
Okay. so what do I do. just. like.
pick up a Bible and start reading it?
- That'd be a start.
- Yeah. but isn't there a bunch
- of crazy shit in there?
- Like what?
Ali. I like girls.
What's that have to do with anything?
Well. doesn't it say that. like.
gays should be put to death or something?
That was. like. 3.000 years ago.
What. so 3.000 years ago
it was fine to. like.
- put the gays to death?
- Okay. look.
You're talking about the Israelites.
They were on the run.
that was the main thing. alright?
There wasn't time
for any type of distractions.
- So being gay is a distraction?
- If you're running from the Egyptian army.
fuck. yeah. it's a distraction.
Ain't no time for sex.
Yeah. but it specifically
calls out gay sex.
They didn't want men
fucking men. alright?
- Okay.
- They didn't say nothing about women.
But hold on. it kinda makes sense. though.
because the men
had to focus back then. alright?
The survival of the people was at stake.
Okay. so if two men
got caught kissing. they just...
killed.
Oh. my God. what are you writing.
a romance novel?
It says men who lay with men.
They're talking about butt sex.
Would you-- yo.
I don't know nothing about butt sex.
But I do know that war
ain't the time for butt sex.
Stop.
Dude. Okay.
This is before the invention of soap.
Germ theory. Antibiotics.
- Gay. okay.
- Hey. look. I mean...
- I get it.
- You gotta have ground rules. Rue.
- Okay. what I'm saying is.
you could spend all day
picking apart these books.
What about this? What about that?
All kinds of mistranslations.
You know. just taking
everything out of context.
You either have faith
or you don't have faith.
Otherwise. you can argue
about this shit forever.
Okay. I'm sold.
I'm making the decision.
God be my witness.
that I'm gonna read the Bible. okay?
And when I do. I'm gonna read every word
as absolute fact.
God damn. you ain't gotta be
so extreme about it.
No. no. Ali. you said it yourself.
Either you believe
or you don't believe. right?
So. I'm choosing to believe.
The miracles have begun.
- Amen.
- Hallelujah.
Alright.
The first book of Moses. called Genesis.
In the beginning.
God created the heavens and the earth.
The earth was without form and void.
and darkness was on the face of the deep.
and the Spirit of God
was hovering over the face of the waters.
Then God said. "Let there be light."
And there was light.
- Hello?
- Yo. retard.
Laurie needs you.
Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow.
Hey.
Yo.
Hey. I'm gonna need you
to drop off a package
to a real piece of shit.
- Me? Really?
- Yeah. you.
- Are you sure?
- Mm-hmm.
- Okay.
- Yeah. and he's a big buyer.
so don't fuck it up.
I'm making a chicken dinner.
- You know. for Faye.
- Mm.
- You know. just the two of us.
- Right.
- That's really sweet.
- Yeah.
Faye. hurry the fuck up!
Ta-da!
Good job.
Wish me luck.
What the fuck?
Okay.
Alright.
Hey. man.
Alamo?
Is there anywhere I could take a leak?
Inside. upstairs.
Take a right. then a left.
Okay.
And don't touch anything
you're not supposed to.
Yeah. Yeah. for sure.
The probability of drawing
four of a kind...
is 0.17%.
I got lucky. man.
Is that what you call it?
Yo. do you know where the bathroom is?
Yeah. it's up the stairs to the right.
Lucky.
Asshole.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Oh. shit. sorry.
Actually. could you help me?
Of course I can. Yeah. no problem.
- Oh. thank you so much.
- Yeah.
I'm still sore from
my boob job. so it's...
- Oh. yeah?
- It's a little bit difficult.
Well...
if it's any consolation.
I think you look fucking amazing.
- You think so?
- Hell. yeah!
Alright. there you go.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
So. how do you know Alamo?
Marco! Marco!
- Polo.
- Marco! Oh. hello.
- Marco!
- Polo.
Oh!
- Oh. my God.
- Shit.
Oh. hey. I'll be right back.
Bishop.
She works for Laurie.
You walk up into my house.
dance with my girls.
and you don't even introduce yourself.
I'm so sorry.
That's mighty disrespectful. little lady.
Got that new batch. babe.
Mm.
This'll hit the spot.
I was beginning to believe
that I met Alamo Brown
for a reason.
This my little slice of heaven.
Yeah. well. some of these girls?
Demons.
- That's 'cause I hand select 'em.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- What business are you in?
Fuck is you. girl? FBI?
No. I'm just curious.
Mm-hmm.
I collect the most sought-after resource
on God's green earth.
More valuable than gold. oil.
uranium combined.
I'm in the business of pussy.
No shit. My man!
Hell yeah.
See. I done peeped it
from a young age now.
I seen it.
Pussy...
that thing between your legs.
got a mystic power.
So. I figured I'd stand me
right by some pussy
with my cash register.
Ka-ching. Ka-ching.
Ka-motherfucking-ching.
Yeah.
Oh. man. well. I came
to the right fucking house then.
That's right. I'm the motherfucking
king of pussy.
I own and operate five
of the dirtiest.
most delectable strip clubs
in the state of California.
Fully nude. and always lewd.
Ain't that right. B?
Yes.
Okay. I'm just gonna. like.
lay my cards out on the table here.
That's. like. my dream job.
- Hoing?
- What?
You wanna be a ho.
- No. man. no. No. no. no.
- Shit.
I mean. like. helping out
in the club. you know.
Like. troubleshooting.
Troubleshooting?
Or troublemaking?
I mean. a little bit of both.
I see you. You a gay one. huh?
I'll bet you run them bitches
like a nigga. don't you?
What?
You see. B?
We got a freak up in here.
- I'm begging you.
- Oh.
Hire me. Come on. man.
Please.
Don't you work for that cracker Laurie?
Yeah. but that's like the worst
fucking job in the world.
Mm-hmm.
Well. little lady.
that's the beauty
of this country we call America.
Anyone can reinvent themselves.
That's right. babies. That's right.
That's right. That's right.
It's your daddy.
Is he always like this?
- Look away.
- Oh.
Okay.
How's the food?
It's good.
Great.
Are you happy?
- Yeah.
- Good.
So...
can we talk about the wedding?
What part?
- The florals?
- Jesus Christ.
So. I have an idea.
I'm not spending $50.000
on floral arrangements.
- Will you just listen?
- $2.000. I understand.
$5.000. fine.
But $50.000 on something
that's gonna die in a couple of days?
- That's insane.
- Well...
I might have a solution.
Is it less flowers?
- No.
- Is it less money?
- Then. there's no discussion.
What if I paid for the flowers?
You don't have any money.
I can make it.
Doing what?
So. I've kind of actually
been doing some research.
- Mm?
- And...
there is a way...
to make a lot of money really fast.
How?
OnlyFans.
The...
The porn website?
See. no. that's a common misconception
- about the platform.
- Right.
- You actually just commun--
- You wanna do porn?
Well. if you would just let me finish.
It's really fascinating.
You wanna sell your body
for floral arrangements?
I will if I have to.
Absolutely not.
No.
Well. then we have a really big problem.
'Cause I didn't wait my entire life
to have a ghetto wedding.
So...
So. what are you trying to say?
That maybe we shouldn't have a wedding
if you can't afford a wedding.
I'm treading water right now.
I can't move forward with Sun Settlers
till I get the fucking
environmental survey.
I got interest rates. the regulations.
the Planning and Zoning
Commission is trying
to fuck me in the ass.
And Kurt.
Oh. Kurt's not sure if now's
the "right time" to invest.
Mm. then maybe it's not the "right time"
to get married.
Baby.
Baby. I'm trying to give you
everything that you want.
- It doesn't feel that way.
- I ju...
I just need to get to the starting line.
Starting line? What about the finish line?
It's in view. It is in view.
We are so close. We're so close.
This is gonna be our moment.
My moment is walking down that aisle...
surrounded by my friends...
family...
and $50.000 worth of flowers.
What kind of pictures
are we talking about?
Pretty ones.
You promise me you're not gonna show those
and your pretty face at the same time.
Tish?
Shit's laced with fentanyl.
She send you?
Sabotage my shit?
Is that what she did?
She put your ass up to this?
I swear to God. I just--
I gave you what they gave me.
I didn't pack it. I didn't open it.
I had no idea.
I mean. if I did.
why the fuck would I stay here?
You tell me.
It's gonna sound
fucking stupid now. but...
I just-- when we were talking...
I thought that...
I don't know.
maybe God brought us together.
- God?
- Yeah. I mean.
I don't wanna be working for Laurie.
She's got me swallowing balloons
the size of golf balls
and. like. packing my intestines
and going across the border.
It's fucking hell on earth.
and it's over some shit
I did in high school.
Wait. wait. how-- did she just say
fucking high school?
Nigga. she talking about high school.
Laurie fronted me
a suitcase in high school.
and then. like. my mom found it
and she flushed it down the toilet.
I mean. I'm not. like.
blaming my mom. obviously.
because I should have hid it better.
But the point is.
Laurie came back and she said
that I owed her $100.000.
And I have been paying for that
single fucking mistake ever since.
So...
you know. when you started
talking about how in America
you can reinvent yourself.
I thought. I don't know.
maybe this is God.
Maybe this is the hand of God at work.
you know. giving me something
to look forward to.
or like. some kinda hope that...
one day. I could...
you know. I could also have
my own little slice of heaven.
So. you believe in God?
Yes. sir.
Well. let's see if He believes in you.
Mm-hmm.
If I were you. I'd stay real still.
Ooh.
Whoo!
Straight tweaker.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org